big brother
How do you know someone on patrol will show up?
You've already calculated
Is that hard?
Okay, don't tear these things apart
Drive away is this really my big brother?
How is grandpa
Is there any news from Yun'er?
Well, not yet, why don't you hurry up and find me?
You have one night.
If you can't find me again, I'll skin you
Yes yes dad
Cloud father
What's going on?
Sun Jian asked someone to kidnap my Sun Qian
Sun Qian again
The Sun family invaded my Marquis Wu's mansion again and again
Do you really think the old man can't lift a knife?
Don't worry, daughter.
The reply will definitely make that kid from the Sun family pay the price.
Come and prepare for teaching
The old man wants to attack and destroy the beast
It's a kid, let's do it